Expose the version used at creation/update in add-on API (#20367)
mozilla/addons-server: docs/topics/api/addons.rst

    :>json array tags: List containing the tag names set on the add-on.
    :>json string type: The :ref:`add-on type <addon-detail-type>`.
    :>json string url: The (absolute) add-on detail URL.

>     :>json object version: For create or update requests that included a ``version`` only. Object holding the :ref:`version <version-detail-object>` that was submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :>json object version: For create or update requests that included ``version`` only. Object holding the :ref:`version <version-detail-object>` representing :ref:`version <version-create-request>`that was submitted.
```
